yo yo yo what's going on folks I'll get
back once again picking up where we left
off I'm trying to play through this game
as fast as i can now because i just want
to move on to the next game so let's go
ahead and breach with this shotty and
see what happens new interface what what
whoo that PP 90 better get nasty in
there huh oh that PP 90 a that's what I
want out like it like I've been saying
guys I really don't care about my time
at all I just want to hurry up and beat
this so I can move on and do something
else play another game that is alright
shadi gotcha gotcha all right I'm just
gonna let it fully reload and I'm
switching ok got that entail PP 90
alright that's another guy down oh my
goodness
I'm really just going to take this slow
I'm in no rush
should be switching to my shoddy but to
not paying attention enough to do it Oh
need another gun so please do the
Russian me
ah is it here no it's not tell me you
even have cover really all right so i
have no idea who this guy is that I need
alive that was beast
yeah but we don't need him I get the
deadlock list right here that was insane
all right so I guess that is the end of
that stage we're definitely flowing just
blowing through this game so yeah guys
thanks for watching I'm going to go
ahead and try to push out this next
video as fast as possible so yeah peace